Changing the default retention time for events stored in the postgresql database (#249)
trento-project/docs: trento/adoc/trento-managing-trento-server-storage.adoc

include::product-attributes.adoc[]

[[sec-managing-trento-server-storage.adoc]]
=== Managing {trserver} storage
:revdate: 2026-07-24

> To maintain optimal performance and manage disk space, administrators can optimize the storage used by {trserver} by adjusting data retention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To preserve peak performance and manage disk space, administrators can optimize the storage used by {trserver} by adjusting data retention.
```
